and what the dramatic started is
fireballs lighting at the national state
in cold room for the very last time I'm
busting into the sky fireworks shooting
up as high as 80 meters from the rim of
the symbian transforming the stadium
into a giant birthday cake with 41
candles signifying the nation's 41st
birthday and this is just a side of
things to come
we go
ha
Oh
and performing on top of a giant
drumroll Colossus gani kick-starting the
first item of the show segment fold-out
city of colors by the People's
Association su spectacular lighting
effects on the field reflecting a city
of colors that represents what singapore
really is this People's Association
performance features 970 participants
and visually stunning costumes in line
no doubt with the items theme
in a reflection of Singapore's colorful
cultural background the different colors
have like the different races living in
harmony together and the beat of drums
at you here are from four members of
Strikeforce a percussion group that's
part of this year's People's Association
performance
a part of the team will all coordinate
this item is assistant choreographer
Clarence change clothes what's the
inspiration behind of emotions that is
people's association Isaac well when we
are asked to put on this at the clothes
show because as we know people sensation
piece of promoting a multiracial on me
and on them so being given the team of
the city of palaces on a
the garden city we will use colors and
hands on the overall show to make it
spectacular you know speaking of colors
these costumes are impressive and when
you take into account the number of
participants you have to dress up I ki
imagine what a challenge them as we want
to stir the ina custard oh well because
everybody is wearing same costumes so we
wanted something to me very lucky strike
king so bring out in the field
that we want to portray in this show
and as you can see on husband's up in
Hartsville they are wearing one cool
costumes of the great colors followed by
into the present ethnic groups with a
color for the stoom correct and asked
different active of eurasia flavors
nourished recognition analytes up again
we've moved into a new probation and yes
this permission is Mara is to show cars
on the different ethnic groups time
colorful a razor to an ass on the early
show
where people's association has been
involved in almost every national day
parade what makes a return here so now
what is the passion of these are my
husband's even though they are from
different walks of life within the
ground offensive aquifer neck grafts but
because the left of the countries and
their feet you've asked for so many
years
come back here and yeah that's me put on
my special and it sent me see that it is
German its performance that's right and
enjoying every bit of it
spectacular sight indeed even look at it
from the aerial view
one United people in the city of colors
and they're moving into position for the
finale it's an incredible structure of
colors radiation
an appropriate end to the city of poets
iceland by the People's Association